# AVAIL END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT s

This End User Licence Agreement ("the EULA" or "the Agreement") is a
legally binding agreement between you ("the Licensee"), an individual
customer or entity, and Avail ("Avail" or "the Licensor"), the company,
and the author of Avail Wallet ("the Software"), which may include
associated media, printed materials, and online or electronic
documentation. This Agreement is a legally binding contract that
includes terms that limit your legal rights and Licensors' liability to
you, and shall govern all access to and use of this Software. You hereby
agree, without limitation or alteration, to all the terms and conditions
contained herein.

**BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, THE LICENSEE
AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OUTLINED IN THIS EULA.
HOWEVER, IF THE LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OUTLINED IN THIS EULA, THE SAID LICENSEE MAY NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, OR
USE THE SOFTWARE.**

## 1. GRANT OF LICENCE

1.1 Subject to the terms of this EULA, Avail hereby grants to the
Licensee, a royalty-free, revocable, limited, non-exclusive licence
during the term of this EULA to possess and to use a copy of the
Software. The Software is being distributed by Avail. The Licensee is
not allowed to make a charge for distributing this Software, either for
profit or merely to recover media and distribution costs.

## 2. DESCRIPTION OF RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS

2.1 **INSTALLATION AND USE.** The Licensee may install and use the
Software on a shared computer or device, or concurrently on different
computers and devices, solely for the Licensee's use within the
Licensee's business or personal use.

2.2 **REPRODUCTION AND DISTRIBUTION.** The Licensee may not duplicate or
re-distribute copies of the Software, without the Licensor's express
written permission.

2.3 **RESTRICTIONS.** The Licensee may not:

-   Use the Software for any purpose other than personal and
    non-commercial purposes;
-   Use the Software for any illegal or unlawful purpose;
-   Gather factual content or any other portion of the Software by any
    automated means, including but not limited to database scraping or
    screen scraping;
-   Reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble Software, or have any
    third party to do so;
-   Sublicense, assign, sell, rent, lease, loan, convey, or transfer to
    any third party, in whole or in part, any of the rights granted to
    it therein, without limitation, any such rights granted in the
    Software, or the Software itself;
-   Adapt, modify, or otherwise change the Software, have any third
    party to do so; or
-   Breach any of the provisions of Avail's Acceptable Use Policy.

## 3. OWNERSHIP AND RETENTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

3.1 This Agreement is a licence to use, and not a contract of sale for,
the Software. All title, ownership, and Intellectual Property Rights in
and to the Software are retained by the Licensor. Except as expressly
provided herein, no licence or right, express or implied, is granted to
the Licensee by Avail for any intellectual property of Avail and its
Licensors.

3.2 The Licensee shall not use either the name of the Licensor, or the
name of the Software licensed under this Agreement for any commercial
purpose or in any advertising, promotional or public statement without
the prior, written consent of the Licensor, which consent shall be at
the Licensor's sole discretion.

3.3 The Licensee shall not modify, remove, or delete any copyright
notice of the Licensor contained in the Software, including any copy
thereof.

## 4. WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER

4.1 NEITHER THE LICENSOR, NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR SHAREHOLDERS MAKE ANY
WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE. THE SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED ON A TALE QUALE BASIS, AND THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF: (I) FITNESS FOR
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR EFFORT TO ACHIEVE PURPOSE; (II) QUALITY AND
ACCURACY; (III) NON-INFRINGEMENT; (IV) TITLE; AND/OR (V) ANY TYPE
ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE
REMAINS AT ALL TIMES WITH THE LICENSEE.

4.2 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LICENSOR, NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR SHAREHOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES,
WHETHER UNDER ANY TORT, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER
LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT, PRICE
DEPRECIATION, LEGAL OR REGULATORY ENFORCEMENT, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION,
LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE, ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

4.3 THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED
OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

4.4 The Licensor does not give any advice or recommendation regarding
digital assets, including, but not limited to, the suitability and/or
appropriateness of, and investment strategies for, the purchase of the
digital assets for financial investment purposes. The Licensee is solely
responsible for determining the nature, potential value, suitability,
and appropriateness of the Licensee's involvement with the sales of the
digital assets and any related use thereof for any purpose.

4.5 The Licensee is solely responsible for determining the nature,
potential value, suitability, and appropriateness of the risks related
to digital assets for itself. The Licensee is involving itself in the
sale, transfer, and use of digital assets as contemplated in this
Agreement at its own risk; however, the Licensee also acknowledges that
this brief statement does not disclose all of the risks associated with
digital assets. The Licensor will not be responsible for any
communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays the
Licensee may experience when using digital assets and/or engaging in the
sale or other use thereof, however caused.

## 5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

5.1 The Licensee shall be solely responsible for, and shall indemnify,
defend, and hold the Licensor free and harmless from all damages,
liabilities, charges, and expenses (including reasonable legal fees)
from all claims, lawsuits, or other proceedings arising out of or
relating to:

i.  The Licensee' use of the Software in a manner not permitted by this
    Agreement, not permitted by the Licensor, or not in conformance with
    the Licensor written requirements;
ii. The acts or omissions of the Licensee, its employees, and agents and
    all persons or entities who have access through the Licensee to the
    Software; or
iii. An infringement of any right resulting in any way from the use of
     the Licensed Software with other software or materials not licensed
     to the Licensee by or not approved by the Licensor.

5.2 The Licensor shall have no liability to the Licensee or any
assignee, transferee, or sublicensee of Licensee for any claim of
infringement that is based upon any combination of the Licensed Software
with software not supplied by or authorised by the Licensor if such
claim would have been avoided but for such combination; or any
modifications to the Licensed Software approved by Licensor.

5.3 The Licensee shall monitor the Software and ensure that it is used
only in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. The Licensee shall
be responsible and liable for any and all non-compliance with this
Agreement by the Licensee or by any person or entity who obtains access
to the Software through the Licensee.

## 6. TERMINATION

6.1 The Licensor may terminate this Agreement and the licence granted to
Licensee upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

i.  The Licensee fails to pay the Licensor any fee, charge, tax, or
    other reimbursement when due and the failure to pay is not cured
    within ten (10) days of the Licensee' receipt of the Licensor's
    written notice thereof;
ii. The Licensee transfers title to or possession of the Software
    without the Licensor's prior written consent;
iii. The Licensee breaches any material obligation of the Licensee under
     this Agreement and such breach is not cured within three (3) days
     of the Licensee' receipt of written notice thereof from the
     Licensor;
iv. The Licensor determines, at its sole discretion, that the Licensee's
    use of the Software results, or could reasonably be expected to
    result in a breach of this Agreement;
v.  The Licensee commits any act or omits any material details related
    to the Software or this EULA resulting in fraud, material
    dishonesty, theft, embezzlement, conversion or misappropriation of
    funds or property (including any violation or any attempted
    violation of any securities laws); or
vi. For any other reason at the Licensor's sole discretion.

6.2 Provided that the Licensee is not in default under this Agreement,
the Agreement may be terminated by the Licensee by giving Licensor
thirty (30) days prior written notice of termination. Any such
termination by the Licensee shall be without refund of any License Fee,
Service Fee, or any other amount paid or then due and payable to the
Licensor.

6.3 In the event of any termination of this Agreement:

i.  The Licensee shall cease all further use of the Software, or any
    portion thereof, in all forms and on all media and computer memory,
    and the Licensee shall immediately destroy all Copies of the
    Software, including backup and archival copies, and provide
    satisfactory evidence of such destruction to Licensor within
    ten (10) days following termination;
ii. The Licensee shall pay all outstanding fees and amounts owed to the
    Licensor as of the date of termination; and
iii. Where such termination is the result of a breach or threatened
     breach of this Agreement by the Licensee, the Licensor may apply
     for any remedies available to it by law against the breach or
     threatened breach.

6.4 The Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the failure to perform its
duties under this Agreement may cause the Licensor to suffer irreparable
injury for which the Licensor may not have an adequate remedy available
at law. Accordingly, the Licensor may seek to obtain injunctive or other
equitable relief to prevent or curtail any breach of this Agreement,
whether such breach is threatened or actual, without posting a bond or
security, in addition to and without prejudice to such other rights and
remedies, that may be available under this Agreement or under any
applicable law.

6.5 The Licensee acknowledges and agrees that any disclosure of the
Software to a third party in violation of the terms of this Agreement
constitutes a material, incurable breach of this Agreement and shall
result in the automatic termination of this Agreement and the immediate
termination of all licences granted to the Licensee by this Agreement.
The Licensee further agrees that it shall be strictly liable for all
damages to the Licensor that result from any disclosure of the Software
to any third party.

6.6 The rights and remedies of Licensor in this Clause 6 shall be
cumulative and in addition to all other rights and remedies available at
law and in equity.

6.7 The provisions of this Agreement which by their sense and context
should survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement,
including without limitation Clauses 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 of this
Agreement, shall survive termination of this Agreement and shall remain
binding on the Parties.

## 7. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

7.1 The interpretation, validity and performance of this Agreement shall
be governed in accordance with the Laws of Malta and the Courts of Malta
shall have exclusive jurisdiction over this Agreement. The Licensee
hereby consents to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts,
and waives any objection in any such action based on improper venue,
inconvenient forum or similar grounds.

7.2 The Parties agree that any and all disputes arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement, the use of Avail's Software, or its
services will be resolved exclusively by means of individual
arbitration. The Parties agree that such disputes will be governed by
the Malta Arbitration Act (Chapter 387 of the Laws of Malta), and shall
be referred to the Malta Arbitration Centre and its arbitral tribunals.
The Parties hereby waive their right to normal recourse to the Courts of
Law. This Clause shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

7.3 Notwithstanding the provisions of Clause 7.2, the Parties both
retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from the
Maltese Courts of Law in order to prevent or enjoin the infringement or
misappropriation of either Party's respective IP rights.

7.4 The Parties agree that any claims brought against each other will be
brought in their own individual capacity, and not as a member of a class
of claimants in any legal action. If this provision is found to be
unenforceable, Clauses 7.2 and 7.3 shall also be null and void.

## 8. SEVERABILITY AND WAIVER

8.1 With the exception of Clause 7.4, if any provision of this Agreement
is held invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such
invalidity or unenforceability will not affect any other provision of
this Agreement that can be given effect without the invalid or
unenforceable provision, and this Agreement shall be construed as if
said invalid or unenforceable provision had not been contained herein.

8.2 No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective
unless made in writing and signed by the waiving Party, nor shall any
such waiver, if made, constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach of
the same or of any other provision of this Agreement. The failure to
exercise any right provided in this Agreement shall not be a waiver of
prior or subsequent rights.

## 9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT, ACKNOWLEDGEMENT, AND AMENDMENT

9.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Licensor
and the Licensee, and all other parties involved. It supersedes all
prior agreements of the parties, whether written or oral, express or
implied, statement, condition, representation, or warranty.

9.2 **BY CLICKING THE BUTTON INDICATING ACCEPTANCE AS STATED BELOW, OR
BY INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE, THE LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THEY HAVE
READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTOOD IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS
AND CONDITIONS.**

9.3 NO AMENDMENT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE EFFECTIVE UNLESS SIGNED BY A
DULY AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF AVAIL.
